---
id: 2020-02-18-pan-pmc-meeting
title: 2020.2.18 Pan PMC Meeting
sidebar_label: 2020.2.18 Pan PMC Meeting
---


# Agenda 2020.2.18 Pan PMC Meeting

[Suggest more topics here](https://github.com/finos/finos-pmcs/issues/25)

## Presentation Deck
(Coming Soon)

## Attendees
* [Rob Underwood](https://github.com/brooklynrob)
* [James McLeod](https://github.com/mcleo-d)
* [Aitana Myohl](https://github.com/aitana16)

## Topics

### Housekeeping
* Approve [2020.1.7 Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/finos/finos-pmcs/blob/master/docs/2020-01-07-Pan-PMC-Meeting.md)

### I. Q1 Board Meeting Debrief
##### Ongoing Governance Simplification
##### 2020 Governance Refinements Proposal

### II. Q1 Priorities - [Rob Underwood](https://github.com/brooklynrob)
#### Q1 Priorities Review

### III. Community - [James McLeod](https://github.com/mcleo-d)
#### Q1 Forming and Activating Projects 
#### FINOS Metrics Contribution Trends 
#### Contribution Pipeline Update 
#### Draft KPI Review and Community Feedback 
#### Identifying Industry Wide Business Challenges
#### FINOS Program Removal RFC Feedback

### IV. March Board Meeting Prep
#### Rethinking Quarterly Program Updates
#### Open Questions

### V. Other - [James McLeod](https://github.com/mcleo-d)
#### Help Wanted and Good First Issues
#### OSSF London - May 2020 - London Call for Speakers
